Hey, everyone, so to start off our journey, what we are going to do is we're going to dive deeper
into the Expo utility.
It's a software, it's a framework.
It is what makes react need of development simple.
You see, as Andre said, there are two paths you can take.
Expo is a framework that enables you to get started in the most simple way possible.
They have a step by step guide.
They have a community.
They have all of the tooling to get you set up in minutes.
Now they have this guaranteed six step process, you know, fall in love.
Download dogies, get the command line.
All of these steps to get you coding in React Native and we're going to follow along this trajectory
step by step to get you set up and falling in love with Riak native, because that's what we're trying
to do here.
Mobile development for the longest time has been a daunting industry and react native has, so to speak,
bridge that gap.
But with anything that's trying to target both iOS and Android, there's still a lot that needs to be
learned.
And Expo simplifies that process.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to follow along and get you set up in a way that gets you
building.
Building high performing universal apps without any set up just yet, and then we're going to go through
setting you up step by step so that you can do development locally on your own machine.
But EXPL has a zero set up environment.
And the whole purpose of Expo is to simplify the Riak native development process, because with anything,
with anything at all, when you're targeting, developing in a multiplatform way, there are complexities
that come into play.
And those complexities are something that you cannot escape over time as you build out more and more
complex applications.
But what Expo gives us is the ability to bridge that gap gives us a lot of documentation, development
tools, forums accustomed with their members as well.
So they have a whole community around Expo to which you can reach out and you can build out applications
and specifically it enables you to fall in love.
Riak native with the lowest barrier to entry.
And so with that, let's dive in.